[Kurata] Hey, girls,
everything is ready.
You can bring it here now.
-[Yoshiko] Yes!
-[Machiko] Yes!
My lovely wife prepared
a delicious drink for you.
It's energizing,
and she made from milk
as well as honey.
It'll be enough to recover
all your strength.
-Thank you!
That's very kind of you,
Coach Kurata.
Now we'll really be ready
for today's match.
[laugh]
Exactly, kid.
[Yoshiko]
Here Captain, it's for you.
[Hikaru] Oh.
Thanks a lot.
Hmm...
Thank you, Yoshiko.
I hadn't even realized that
it'll be the last tournament
you get to help us in.
[gasp]
You're welcome.
[Kazumasa] Ugh...
How cold.
Using the shovel
while wearing these clothes
makes us sweat
and that makes us
even colder, right, captain?
[Machiko] Captain, Oda,
I brought you this.
-Huh?
To wipe off your sweat.
[Hikaru]
Thank you.
-Oh.
-These towels are warm.
Yoshiko, put them
in front of the stove
to heat them up.
Wow, honestly,
thank you so much.
[chuckle]
[teacher] Kids, I have
some news to share.
Due to the nature of
her father's work,
Yoshiko Fujisawa
will be leaving
to the United States
next semester.
Oh no!
She's moving?!
[drinking]
[grunt] You know what,
Yoshiko,
before you leave...
we'll give you the national
tournament's trophy
as a gift.
Uh-huh.
[Seiji] Machiko,
could I have some too?
Uh, yeah, sorry
about that.
This heat's unbearable.
I hope that doesn't affect
your fighting spirit kids.
After all, you aren't
used to playing
in such hot weather
back home.
You don't have to worry
about us coach.
We've been through
worse situations.
A little sun
never hurt anybody.
Well said, kid.
Besides, now we have
a magic potion
from your beloved wife.
With this,
there's no way we can lose.
I hope you aren't
being sarcastic.
[laughs]
And don't you forget it.
The more we progress,
the stronger your
adversaries will become.
Don't get too cocky.
Today, we have to play
a match against Minami-uwa.
They're a team that's
well rounded in all aspects.
Their captain Ishida's
prowess is superb.
And so is their forward's,
Takei.
So I want you to stay
on your toes.
-Yes!
Well, then, no
matter what,
we have to win
against Minami.
Only then can we
go up against
the notorious Nankatsu.
-Yes, Captain!
Yoshiko...
you have to tell
Matsuyama how you feel
before it's too late.
You have to do it.
Believe in yourself.
-[narrator] Episode 40:
-Whoo!
- Furano goes to the front!
-Yeah!
[announcer] We're in the last
remaining minutes
between Toho Academy
and Team Chubu.
The thirty minutes
are almost up
and Toho Academy is
leading the scoreboard.
The youngest player
from their team, Sawada,
spearheads
their last attack.
-[panting]
-[announcer] It looks like he'll
attempt to score the third
goal for his team,
demonstrating just
how strong they are.
Sorimachi!
I got it.
[pants]
[announcer] Sawada passes
to Sorimachi,
Toho's new forward,
who's now taking
Hyuga the Tiger's place
in the offense.
Here it goes!
[announcer] The ball hits
the net!
Sorimachi
scores the third goal.
Despite the absence
from Kojiro Hyuga,
Toho Academy
is still powerful.
[Hikaru]
What's wrong, Hyuga?
Why did you choose to stay
in the sidelines?
[yelling]
[announcer] Team Chubu is set
on scoring a goal
to redeem themselves.
It'll be a difficult task
with Wakashimazu
covering the goal.
Toho Academy's goalkeeper
hasn't let a team score
in the whole tournament.
Toho's captain
is determined.
[Ken]
They won't score.
[announcer] And there's
the crossover pass.
[grunts]
Impossible!
[announcer] But the ball
falls in the hands of
the goalie,
Wakashimazu.
It can't be...
That goalkeeper
is way too fast, guys.
-[whistle]
-[cheering]
[announcer] And the match
is over, everyone.
The match has ended!
We did it!
Toho is the best team.
[announcer] Toho Academy
wins 3 to nothing
and the goalkeeper
Wakashimazu
remains as
the best goalie
in the tournament.
-Well played, team!
-Good job, Ken!
Well done, Takeshi!
We'll make it
to the finals.
[Tsubasa]
Everyone from Toho
- is giving everything
-Yeah!
they've got to compensate
for Kojiro's
- absence on the pitch.
Yeah! [laugh]
Woo-hoo!
We did it!
[Tsubasa] If they're
this strong already,
I wouldn't want to know
just how strong
they'll be with him
on the pitch.
It'll be terrifying.
Okay, now it's our turn
to show them who we are!
-Yeah!
[Machiko]
Matsuyama, wait up!
Yeah?
What's going on?
Go ahead, tell him.
Is something wrong?
You have something
to say to me?
Tell him already, Yoshiko.
Mhm...
Huh?
[Koichi]
Captain!
Oh!
We have to leave now.
They're waiting for us.
Go ahead,
I'll catch up to you.
Yoshiko, what's the matter
with you?
[chuckle]
I just wanted to
wish you good luck, Captain.
Thank you. Is that all...
you wanted to say to me?
Uh-huh.
I really appreciate that.
[Hikaru]
What's up with her?
No!
[Hikaru]
Okay, Furano, game on!
-Yeah!
-[laugh]
-[sigh]
There's no helping you.
We're gonna win
this one for sure!
[Yoshiko] Yeah.
It's for the best.
We can do it!
-Let's go!
-[Yoshiko] I'm going to let
the captain focus on
winning the match.
- That's the only thing
-Yeah! Come on, man!
- that matters right now.
-I believe in us!
We can do it!
[cheering]
Let's win this, Furano.
-Let's win this, Furano.
-We will win!
[announcer]
Team Furano, representing
the Hokkaido prefecture,
shouts their ceremonial
war cry.
Go on, Furano!
We will win!
[announcer] Representing
the Ehime prefecture,
Team Minami-uwa
waits calmly
for the referee's
whistle.
[Tetsuo]
Perfect.
We'll eliminate Team Furano
to get to the semifinals,
and defeat Nankatsu.
[announcer] This is
the third match
of the quarterfinals.
We'll see which of
these teams
will make it to
the top four.
[whistle]
[announcer] The referee
blows his whistle
and Team Furano
initiates the attack.
-Okay, Furano,
-[panting]
let's go for a quick goal,
-all right?
-Yeah!
I'm coming for you,
Matsuyama.
[announcer] Team Minami-uwa's
captain
goes after Matsuyama.
Looks like
the captain's duel
will begin sooner
than we thought.
Wakamatsu, you're open.
[grunts]
What's wrong?
Are you scared
to go up against me?
Ha, I'm not afraid of you,
Ishida.
By now, you should know that
soccer is a team sport.
Oh sure, make excuses.
[grunt] You say you have
faith
on your teammates,
but really, I think you're
afraid of losing the ball
-and being humiliated,
-[grunt]
aren't you?
[announcer] Minami-uwa
intercepts the pass
and now has the ball.
-The field!
-[gasp]
[announcer] The ball's
passed to Captain Ishida.
[grunt]
Here comes
the first goal.
Quickly, go defend.
[announcer] Ishida
demonstrates great technique
and runs with great speed
towards the goal.
Team Furano's defense
runs to cover him,
but Minami-uwa's captain
isn't alone.
-I'm right behind.
-[grunt]
[grunts]
[chuckle]
[announcer] Ishida
tricks the defense
with a fake pass.
Team Furano is
completely fooled.
Don't underestimate us,
Ishida.
[yell]
How slow.
[grunt]
[announcer] Ishida kicks
the ball
with a crossover pass,
but it looks like
it's too high up.
It's going straight
into the goalie's hands.
It's no problem
for the keeper, Kato.
It's mine.
-What?
-Now it's my turn.
[announcer] But now,
Minami-uwa's forward, Takei,
comes at full speed
to reclaim the pass.
-That's it. You can do it,
-[gasp]
Takei.
I won't let you.
[yell]
[announcer] Takei jumps
for a header.
This will be
a midair duel.
[grunts]
-[gasp]
-[announcer]
Goal!
Team Minami-uwa
scores the first goal
with a spectacular
header.
[gasp]
They just scored
on Furano.
What a great job, Takei.
It was an excellent pass,
Captain.
I had no problem at all.
[announcer]
This is incredible.
For the first time,
we witness Team Furano
get scored on
during the tournament.
[gasps]
No, this can't be.
[announcer]
Now Team Minami-uwa
is leading the match
by a goal.
How will Team Furano
respond
under this circumstance?
Captain Matsuyama
seems worried.
[Yoshiko]Please,
you have to win, Captain.
[whistle]
[announcer] And now,
Team Furano
starts up the match.
Huh?
What's this?
-[cheering]
-Yeah!
-Huh?
-All right!
It's mine.
[announcer] Team Minami-uwa
has the ball.
Great, let's score
the second goal.
[announcer] Team Furano is
losing control of the match
to a well organized
Team Minami-uwa.
Everyone, remain calm.
Don't lose your cool.
We've been through
worse times.
Get the ball back.
-Yes, Captain!
-[gasp]
-It's mine!
[announcer] Matsuyama
inspires his team
not to give up
and Team Furano is
able to recover the ball.
Here it comes, Captain.
I got it!
Team Minami-uwa is sure
to think I'll pass the ball.
However, this time...
[chuckles]
Huh?
I'll be attacking.
[announcer] Matsuyama
runs with the ball
and heads to
the opponent's goal.
Dammit it all.
I thought he was going to
pass the ball.
[announcer] Will Matsuyama
attempt to score a goal?
You're skilled,
Matsuyama,
but you'll never be
better than I am.
I won't let you
shoot the ball.
[gasp]
[annoucer] And Team Furano's
captain
makes a pass
instead of shooting.
That's impossible.
Kazumasa, you're all alone.
Score! Yeah!
[announcer] Oda
is by himself
in front of the goal.
Yeah, it's my chance.
-[grunt]
-[announcer] Oda takes the shot
and...
-it goes above the goalpost.
-[gasp]
-What bad luck!
Ugh...
This one was too close.
-Uhh...
-Real good attempt,
-Kazumasa.
-It's no biggie.
It'll go in next time,
Kazumasa.
I'm so sorry, Captain.
[laugh]
They're worse
than I imagined.
Let's go for
our second goal.
[announcer] Ishida kicks
a crossover pass.
It might be
the second goal.
We won't let you
underestimate...
...Team Furano anymore.
We're going to stop him.
[grunts]
[announcer] Team Furano's
defense intervenes.
[grunt]
Thanks so much, guys.
[announcer] The goalkeeper
has the ball.
What're they doing?
They're playing very weird,
aren't they.
Team Furano's
only defending.
Team Minami-uwa looks...
to be way stronger
than we ever thought.
That's right
We can't
underestimate anyone.
[gasp]
-Oh no!
-[whistle]
[announcer]
And the referee signals
the end of
the first half.
[Kojiro] What the
hell are you doing?
[announcer] Team Furano
hasn't been able
to tie the scoreboard
during this first half.
Let's go, guys.
We have to start
warming up for our match.
Come on.
Yeah.
I'm sure they'll
turn the tables
on Team Minami-uwa
soon enough.
Their team is much stronger
than I had imagined.
Yeah.
They have to do something,
if our team doesn't
win this match
and gets eliminated,
you'll have to say goodbye
to the captain today.
[sigh]
[Ms. Fujisawa]
Listen, Yoshiko...
your father's already
waiting for us
in the United States.
But wait, Mother...
You said we would stay
until the first semester
was over.
I know you've
put a lot of effort
as your team's manager...
but we can't stay in Japan
anymore.
There's a better life
waiting for you elsewhere.
I promise to go
once our team
loses the tournament, Mom.
[Ms. Fujisawa] You sure?
You're okay with that?
Mhm.
You can do it, Captain.
[narrator] We'll be right back
with Captain Tsubasa.
[narrator]
And we're back!
[narrator] Team Minami-uwa's
locker room.
[coach]
I congratulate you.
You've played the first half
excellently.
It's only a
matter of time.
The heat will take a toll
on their players.
Team Furano can't stand
this kind of weather.
-Yes!
-Yeah!
This time, we'll score
two more goals
and humiliate them.
Yes, Captain.
[announcer] Team Furano's
- locker room.
This isn't good.
-[Kazumasa] I'm sorry.
-At this rate, we might lose.
-It was my fault.
-I should've scored
-You need to get back
-that goal.
-out there and do better.
-[sigh]
-[Haruo] It's fine.
Don't sweat it, Kazumasa.
It's all right, man.
There's still
another half to go.
Hmm. We just have to be
more precise from now on.
Forget about
the past.
Concentrate on tying
the match first,
then you can worry
about taking the lead.
Play like you always have.
Don't lose faith
in your team.
-Yeah!
- Now, what's most important
-Come on, guys!
- is to tie the score.
-You're right!
And bear Tokyo's weather.
[cheering]
[announcer] You can feel
the heat in the stadium.
We have temperatures of
97 degrees Fahrenheit.
The players will have to
bear the sun
for another half.
The referee checks
his stopwatch.
All right!
Captain...
-Yeah!
- Please, you have to win.
[whistle]
[announcer] And the match
begins again.
Team Minami-uwa
goes on the offense.
Very well.
Let's go for
another two goals
and humiliate them.
We won't let you through.
Quick, guys,
let's get the ball back.
[grunt]
Here.
[grunts]
[announcer] Team Minami-uwa
demonstrates
their prowess
on the pitch.
They don't plan on
giving up
control of the ball
that easily.
[coach]
That's a given.
Minami-uwa is the best team
I've ever trained.
Their ball handling
is the best
in all of
Shikoku's region,
and soon, it'll be the best
in the whole country.
[announcer] The sun is unforgivi
and the players from
- the Hokkaido prefecture
-[panting]
seem to be out of energy.
They're not used to
this kind of heat.
[Kurata]Don't give up.
Show your fighting spirit.
[Kojiro]
What's wrong, Matsuyama?
We have unfinished
business.
[Hikaru]
No... If Team
Minami-uwa
scores another goal,
we won't be able to
come back on time.
-[grunt]
-[gasp]
[announcer]
What determination!
Team Furano's captain
slide tackles
and is able to
steal the ball.
[panting]
[announcer] Hikaru Matsuyama
runs frantically.
He's dead set on tying
the match for his team.
[pant]
Kaneda!
[announcer] Now he passes it to
number 9, Kaneda,
paving the way
to the opponent's goal.
That's it, Captain.
Awesome pass.
Don't let him pass.
Cover them closely.
[grunt]
It's yours!
[announcer] Team Furano's specia
is short passes,
- but this time,
-[panting]it's a long one
to their captain.
[grunt]
-Everyone come back now.
-[pant]
We have to help defend
the goal.
Let's see how you like this!
[announcer] A crossover pass
from Matsuyama
so Kazumasa Oda
can shoot.
I'll score this time!
[grunt]
[announcer] But the ball
goes directly to
Team Minami-uwa's
goalkeeper.
It's a shame. Once aga
in, Oda misses
a good opportunity.
- What a let down.
-[gasp]
Kazumasa!
[Tetsuo]
Go
od, pass the ball.
Huh? Matsuyama
is
distracted right now.
[announcer] And Team
Minami-uwa's goalkeeper
clears the ball.
Get back and defend!
Oh God, I'm begging you,
let our team win this match.
I don't want
Yoshiko and Hikaru
to have to say goodbye
so soon.
[panting]
[Tetsuo]
Takei is closely covered.
Well, then, it's my turn.
[announcer] Ishida kicks
a long range shot.
[yelling]
[grunt]
[announcer] What a goalkeeper,
ladies and gentlemen!
A beautiful save,
and Team Minami-uwa
wasn't able to score.
Pass it to me!
There's no time to lose!
Clear the ball!
Everyone, join me!
We have to attack
together now!
-Huh?
-C-Captain!
You can do it, Captain.
Captain!
[announcer] Team Furano's goalke
clears the ball,
sending it directly
to Hikaru Matsuyama.
[grunt]
Okay.
[panting]
[announcer] Will they be able
to score now?
There's only ten minutes
on the clock.
Everyone,
follow the captain.
We're Team Furano.
There's no way we'll lose
to the likes of
Team Minami-uwa!
It's true! We've been
through worse times.
We have to tie
the match now.
Everyone, go to the offense.
[yelling]
[announcer]
Incredible!
All of Team Furano
runs rapidly to the goal.
It's like an avalanche!
Wow, they look like an army.
With Matsuyama's
presence...
everyone's fighting spirit
is bolstered.
Matsuyama...
Don't worry
about it, guys.
There's only ten minutes
left on the match.
They won't be
able to score
with their pathetic
passing game.
-They're very predictable.
-Yes!
-Okay, Captain!
You can do it.
No.
We won't lose to
these spoiled brats.
Hey, you.
Soccer players.
-Huh?
I'm sorry, but it's time
for our training.
So why don't you just
hit the road.
Yeah...
Well, we'll finish training
by cleaning up.
-Yes!
Here.
[grunting]
Dammit all.
We can't train with
this weather.
This sucks.
It doesn't matter
if the weather
isn't in our favor.
That's why we're
Team Furano.
No matter what,
we'll always be on top.
[yelling]
[announcer]
Incredible!
Instead of passing,
Matsuyama shoots
- an amazing volley.
-What is that?!
-His shot looks like
-[gasp]
a gust of snow!
[announcer] The incredible shot
cuts through the grass
- like butter.
-[gasp]
Team Minami-uwa thought
that he'd make a pass,
leaving the goal
unprotected.
[gasp]
[announcer]
Goal!
What an amazing shot!
Matsuyama scores!
And with this, Team Fur
ano manages
to tie the scoreboard.
[Hikaru]We had to suffer
all this time,
training on
frozen terrain.
Now you'll experience
the chills from our land
with every attack.
-Yeah!
-[announcer] That shot is
the culmination
of Team Furano's
- arduous training
-We can do it!
- under polar weather.
-Come on, let's go!
It was truly spectacular.
-Good job, Captain.
-Yeah!
You were able to score.
[laugh]
We tied the
match, Yoshiko.
Yeah!
[chuckle]
It was an excellent shot.
Matsuyama was hiding
his true strength
all of this time.
That Subzero Volley
is just like Kojiro's...
but inversed.
That shot was possible
due to the ice-cold legs
Matsuyama was able to
develop.
That's right.
And the rest of the team
contributed
by feinting the opponent.
That let him wide open
to shoot the ball.
-It was truly
-Now you see, guys!
-a team effort.
-We can do it. Let's go!
All right!
Yeaah!
-He's right. Come on, guys!
- You only have to score
- one more time.
-We can do this!
Get to it.
[announcer] Team Furano
has a new weapon.
[grunt]
[announcer] Matsuyama
has the ball.
Be careful, guys.
Matsuyama won't pass
the ball.
He'll attempt
to score again.
[gasp]
Don't get
too comfortable, guys.
Everyone, be on your toes.
-[grunt]
-[announcer] Kaneda is
dribbling the ball.
[Tetsuo] Damn that brat.
-[pants]
-[announcer] Team Furano wastes
in switching to offense.
Come on, guys!
That's really strange.
It's as if Furano's fatigue
suddenly disappeared.
No. They're definitely exhausted
from the heat.
But thanks to their captain,
their motivation
is revitalized.
Furano,
let's attack together!
[announcer] Once more,
Team Furano's captain
is in front of the goal
by himself.
I won't let you shoot,
Matsuyama.
Ishida, this time,
I'll give you the duel
you so desperately wanted.
[announcer]
This is incredible.
Matsuyama
turns directly to
Minami-uwa's captain
with conviction.
Do it, captain.
You won't get past me, brat.
Is that what you think?
[announcer]
And Team Furano's captain
manages to fool Ishida
with incredible technique.
[gasp]
This is impossible.
Matsuyama fooled Ishida.
[announcer] Matsuyama
is all by himself
in the danger zone.
Here comes the shot.
[grunt]
What's going on?!
But Captain...
Why're you waiting,
Kazumasa?
You're our forward.
You have to score
another goal.
Do it.
You can do it, Kazumasa.
Everybody's trusting you,
Kazumasa.
Captain...
Everyone...
The team has faith in me.
Yeah!
I'm the forward.
I'll score a goal!
Here!
[grunts]
[announcer] And there
you have it.
Oda scores
on his third attempt
with an excellent
powerful shot.
The goalie had no chance.
Yeah!
I scored!
-[laughs]
[announcer] Team Furanonow now
has the lead.
by a one goal.
[Hikaru] I knew that
you could do it.
This can't be true.
We were so close to winning.
-[whistle]
-[cheering]
[announcer]
And the referee whistles
to signal the end
of the match.
Team Minami-uwa
was an incredible opponent,
but in the end,
they couldn't
match Team Furano's
determination.
That's right!
We won, guys!
We did it.
Now's Nankatsu's turn.
And then Toho Academy
in the finals.
Good job, Matsuyama.
Team Furano is still
a very tough rival.
I know that Matsuyama
could've easily scored
that last goal...
but he chose to pass
it to Oda, so
that he could score.
I admire you.
You taught me
what teamwork truly means.
We did it!
-We won the match, Yoshiko!
-[sniffling]
I know.
I'm so happy.
[Hikaru]
Yoshiko!
I kept my promise to you.
Thank you, Captain.
[laugh]
Yoshiko...
The tournament's banner
will be my farewell gift
to you.